APRIL 1915. For over eight months
the war has been raging
with more casualties
than ever before.
Germany has conquered
northern France.
With the country on the verge
of defeat. the situation is critical.
But in a Parisian laboratory.
one hope remains.
The French army is working
on a secret project.
as powerful as it is dangerous.
Shut up.
Who goes there?
Stop!
Don't come any closer!
I'm French!
French!
Don't come any closer!
THE SENTINELS
THE DAMNED
PARIS SUBURBS
- Everything under control. Louis?
- Yes. Baron.
That's my boy.
How are you doing?
Good! And you?
The Baron! Good to see you.
Martin!
- Charming show tonight.
- Just you wait!
Are they getting you a drink?
So. how is it looking?
- Same as yesterday.
- Which is?
Fine. Nothing more.
Now we're at war.
people are tightening their belts.
It won't last.
They seem happy enough.
- Herr Gruber.
- Baron.
- Can I offer you anything?
- I don't drink. thank you.
I'm surprised to see you here.
I would prefer not to be.
You know why I'm here.
I've been waiting to hear from you.
I gave you a lot of money.
But not much time.
You promised it would be quick.
You didn't tell me
how well-guarded it was.
So. how far have we got?
We're making progress.
Espionage is not an exact science.
My agent has a special talent
that requires some patience.
What do you want
from this laboratory?
The German army
is at the gates of Paris.
Why such a hurry?
What are you planning?
I detest curiosity.
I love curiosity.
It's how I make a living.
And I make mine
by being discreet.
I need that information.
You have 24 hours.
not a minute more.
Do I make myself clear. Baron?
Tell your talented agent
to hurry up.
I need the laboratory plans
and guard rota. as agreed.
MILITARY HOSPITAL
ARRAS
Private Ferraud?
Your wife wrote to us.
She wants to come and see you.
I don't want her
to see me like this.
She sent you this.
Let me help you.
Don't move.
I've never heard of your department.
I can't allow it.
You have no choice. Doctor.
We have official authorization.
I can't let you take
my patients away like this.
They're in no fit state.
That's for us to decide.
I can't let you do this.
Then call your chief of staff.
Talk to General Joffre.
- What's she doing?
- You do your job. we'll do ours.
What are you doing?
Just an inspection.
Don't be afraid.
He's compatible.
Where are you taking me?
You'll be fine. Don't worry.
Where is he from?
Wounded in the Meuse.
Drafted in November.
He has experience
on the front line.
Perfect.
He's married.
and recently had a child.
Understood.
Mr. Deputy. sir.
I shall now ask you to concentrate
on your most charming companion.
and to kindly open this box.
Take the gun.
I'd rather not.
Take it.
Take the gun.
Take it...
Take it.
What matters most in life?
It's love.
Isn't it?
Mr. Deputy.
how far would you go for love?
Would you be willing
to die for love?
Yes.
But you don't want
to prove your love?
No.
No?
I want you to place the gun
to your temple.
To your temple.
Don't resist.
Stop it.
Please. stop!
You will pull the trigger
on the count of three.
Stop.
Pull the trigger on three.
One...
Please.
Two...
Three.
SECRET LABORATORY
GRANDS MOULINS. PARIS
Thank you.
Stay calm.
Are you going to operate on me?
This doesn't look like a hospital.
The hospital can't help you.
But we can.
Who are you?
I am Professor Mazauric.
Berthier is my first assistant
and Marthe is my second.
She'll take care of you.
What are you going to do?
Repair you.
But first.
get your strength back.
My wife.
Does she know where I am?
We'll make sure she's informed.
Now. rest.
THE MIRROR
9TH ARRONDISSEMENT. PARIS
It's his mother.
She's terrified that the Germans
will invade Paris.
What can I say?
First the draft.
now the exodus from Paris.
Soon. I'll have nobody
to run my paper.
Did you finish the Pelletier article?
Just now.
Still full of neologisms?
I removed four.
- What's with this kid?
- He probably thinks it's chic.
"Chic" is not in our style guide.
Not bad!
This is much better.
Much better. with your corrections.
Didn't you...
have a baby recently?
Six months ago.
Not that I want you to.
but if you need to leave...
No. I'll stay.
- Good.
- I'm waiting for my husband.
He's been wounded.
Once they've operated
he'll come back to Paris.
How delightful!
Get your Mirror!
Only 25 centimes!
Germans making inroads
in the north!
Louis the porter
was eyeing you up last night.
Did you talk?
What did he want?
The same as everyone else.
The Germans are pressuring me.
Any progress with the lab?
He wasn't there today.
We need that information soon.
Do it yourself
if you're in such a rush.
If only.
I'll do it tomorrow.
I promise.
- Thank you.
- But I pay a price. every time.
I know.
I know you do.
Then give me my room key.
In exchange?
In exchange.
Calm down.
He's escaped!
Quickly! Find him!
Search everywhere!
He's in here!
25 centimes!
All the latest news on the war!
LABORATORY FLOOR PLAN
GUARD ROTA
Jourdain?
What are you doing in here?
Looking for the Colonel.
I'm looking for the Colonel.
You're not authorized
to be in this sector.
I'm sorry.
It won't happen again. sir.
Good.
You're pushing your luck.
- She's paying our bills.
- But she's tired.
- Are you lecturing me?
- What for?
You never listen.
Here.
Gisèle's handiwork.
A map of the lab
and the guard rota.
Take it to Gruber.
Maybe Crécelle will cheer up
once he pays.
Crécelle?
You'll get a kiss
as soon as I'm back.
Marion will look after you.
Everything okay?
I've left all the food
in the kitchen.
We're printing a special edition
so I'll be back late.
And Gabriel?
Any news?
Not yet.
If you hear anything.
find me at the office.
Of course.
Go on. hurry up.
Hello. Gabriel.
I'm Colonel Mirreau.
I run this establishment.
I hear you tried to escape.
Impressive. given your condition.
The guy I came here with.
What did you do to him?
- We did our best to treat him.
- With a bullet in the head?
He was going to die.
We put an end to his suffering.
And you'll do the same to me?
I certainly hope not.
What am I doing in here?
What if I told you
we could fix your leg?
Your leg. your arm. your hip.
and even your face.
We're working on a serum
with unique properties. Dyxenal.
But very few people can tolerate it
and we think you're one of them.
And if you're wrong?
You will die.
You have a choice. Gabriel.
Return to the hospital.
have your leg amputated
then return home
with your disfigured face...
Or?
Or stay here.
With us.
If you can withstand the serum
you will be completely healed.
You'll be your old self
once again.
And more. Your physical abilities
will be unimaginably greater.
You'll have more strength.
more stamina...
Then what?
You send me to the front?
You will join the Sentinels.
Our elite unit.
Enhanced soldiers.
You'll be one too.
if you survive the Dyxenal.
I'm aware it's not an easy decision.
I'll let you reflect on it.
Wait.
Let's begin.
Are you ready?
April 6th.
2300 hours. protocol begins.
Start the injection.
Dyxenal. ready.
Pulse. 120.
Cortisol. 5.5.
Adrenaline. 6. 6.2...
Somatostatin. 6.
- No dilation.
- Pulse. 140.
160.
Fibril?
Holding up.
Cortisol. 6.8.
Adrenaline. 6.7.
He's leveling out.
Still no dilation.
- Cortisol. 7.3.
- 7.3?
Pulse. 200.
Convulsions.
Cortisol. 7.5.
We're losing him!
Stand back!
His heart gave out.
We have five minutes
before they send backup.
Find Mazauric.
The rest. with me.
Hurry up!
Fire at will!
A German commando unit has broken in.
Killing everyone.
Evacuate the doctors. I'll go
to the lab. Marthe. stay here.
The others. follow me.
Move it!
Faster!
Do I have to do it for you?
Gather all the documents.
Jourdain! You supervise.
Get the letters
from Mazauric's office.
Hurry!
Go!
PROJECT ATLAS
Kill them all. Let's go!
The documents are gone.
Find Mazauric. now!
Mazauric.
Berthier's dead. too.
They wiped out
most of the scientific team.
To eliminate the program's leaders.
Well. they succeeded.
How are you. miss?
Fine.
You and I were lucky.
And him?
He's stable.
They say he fought the Germans.
He was dead.
How is that possible?
I can't explain it.
I've never seen a specimen respond
to Dyxenal like that.
His strength is exceptional.
Extraordinary.
In all this carnage...
Don't let him out of your sight.
-I want a detailed report every hour.
-Understood.
And his wife?
We'll handle it.
Your cartoons are the last way
for us to hit them where it hurts.
We all know
the Minister is a dumbass.
so make his face look like...
Irène Ferraud?
Who are you?
Translation: David Buchanan